All right.
This is a big video now.
These videos are going to be sprinkled throughout the course they're developing fundamentals video.
These are the topics that are going to be super super short but important because as a beginner it's
hard to learn these things because you don't know what you don't know.
So what I'm going to try and do in these developer fundamentals is tell you well how to avoid the mistakes
that I made when I got started and what a lot of people do when they get started that is they don't
have a clear path and don't understand what the most efficient way to do things is.
So with developer fundamentals we're going to talk about key things to make you.
First of all efficient in learning python but also make you a programmer that is really really good
and that companies want.
So what is this first developer fundamental.
It's don't read the dictionary.
What does that mean well when you're learning a language such as Python.
You're going to have a tendency especially when you're starting up to try and learn every single thing
every single function every single syntax every single trick.
It's almost like you're trying to learn a language by reading a dictionary from page one all the way
to page.
I don't know a thousand two hundred but that's now how things work.
As a matter of fact when I work with different programming languages I don't know all the syntax is
I don't know all the methods and functions and what a lot of developers do is not necessarily memorize
everything just like you would every single word in a dictionary.
Instead you understand what exists and what you can use.
But you can always google things and most of the time developers are Googling things no matter how experienced
they are.
For example if we go to the Python documentation here we can go through everything right.
I can go through the language reference and read through everything and this is really really useful
information but you're not going to memorize every single thing about the language because there's a
lot.
This is the python language.
And then there's also the libraries the standard libraries that we can use.
And if you sit through here and just read everything in here.
Well you're not going to memorize anything in order for you to actually learn Python.
You have to use the language and you'll notice that some things are used a lot more than others just
like in human languages like when you learn English there's really difficult words that don't get used
that often.
And there's words like and the or or apple that get used very often.
So we're going to learn the language in a way that makes sense in a way that's efficient where we focus
on the 20 percent that gets used 80 percent of the time and all these smaller more complicating things.
We're going to cover but we're not going to cover one by one from start to finish.
We're going to jump around the idea being that when you learn a programming language you're just using
these concepts and slowly you're learning what's out there so that when you have a problem you can identify
it and remember oh I think Python has a path lib library that I can use or perhaps remember that oh
I can use tuples in Python.
So your first developer fundamental is this don't learn a language as if you're trying to get 100 percent
on a test.
We're going to learn a language by actually using it focusing on the things that actually matter.
All right that's enough talking for me.
I'll see in the next video by.